The joe rogan experience faces of destruct and it's probably happened to kids
and give you took any of the people from the trumpy bear commercial and put them
in that gay club.
Why?
Those guys are smelling each other's shit and Tupperwares and jizzing on the
floor and pissing on each other cause they just wandered into their
accidentally.
They'd all start fucking probably.
Have you seen that video?
The trumpy bear?
I put it on my Instagram last night.
I was watching TV and this fucking thing came on and it's like a Tim and Eric
Sketch.
It's a real commercial for real stuffed animal.
Look at this.
The Trump be bear.
No,
no.
You got to see the video though.
Can you play the video?
Oh,
just go to my Instagram.
Wow.
That A,
I'll put the video up on my hands.
Oh,
that's it.
In the upper corner.
Make that larger and give me some volume.
Listen to this shit.
Listen to this.
The great American grizzly introducing the original trumpy bear.
This is real fearless.
Super plus American.
Now tell me,
this doesn't seem like a Tim and Eric Sketch Watch.
Watch how this goes on like day.
Just find the secret zipper and pullout
merging.
It gets crazier.
Watch on flag day and on any American holiday.
God bless America,
frumpy bear since probably the front of the motorcycle for all the world to see
and loves to cruise with his brother.
I'm a former marine and I'm proud to have Trump.
You bear ride by my side.
Fuck yeah.
Once a marine,
always a marine.
Everyone got down from Tim and Eric Sketch Golf course.
Look at this and I ride with Trump.
He married.
He makes my golf game great again.
Jumping back from the bear can pop up anywhere.
Simply styled his trademark and placed him in his favorite chair.
I love it.
Toughens guys will love trumpy.
He in the top one business is great businesses.
Great.
I am great.
I love you Trump,
you bam.
I am.
I am proud to own the company.
Bear and I will always be proud to be an American board of the sequela.
That guy,
hold on.
Hold on.
This is fake.
Did you see that guys name as of Warrah?
Holic that's frank.
That's frank war.
Holic like an alcoholic for war.
Go back for bro rank or holic.
That's a gag.
This thing's a gag.
Do that.
It's on the radio or it's on TV rather.
It's kind of a gag.
I looked it up after last night.
It is for soda isn't real products,
real products,
so but so this is a comedy sketch.
I kind of knew it had to be.
There's no way it could be that bad.
Oh my God.
You know what it is?
They've made a comedy sketch that's comedy for people like anybody who's paying
attention,
but for people so dumb that they don't realize it's a comedy sketch and they,
they think the way the people in the video thing.
Yeah.
It's like a honeypot for dumb dumbs.
It's brilliant because on one level it's like a really funny sketch.
On the other level,
it's just like people like God damn,
I've always wanted a trumpy bear,
so they make this bear,
they sell this bear.
They pretend that they're all patriotic and they just made the dump.
Of course it is.
What's wrong with me?
I am the storm.
Of course it's fake.
I was pretty sad,
but this is the world we're living in right now.
I believed it was real because it is a real product,
but when the lady pulled out or flag,
I've got a little suspicious and then the other guy says,
once a marine,
always a marine.
I'm like,
this is a Tim and Eric Sketch.
It's pretty subtle,
man.
Like I like it.
Definitely.
I've seen commercials that Shitty for sure.
Trumpy bear official.
There he is.
Once Maroon.
Oh,
is marine.
Look at my boot.
It's dirty because I work.
What do you a what do you,
yeah.